grafana/toolkit: Add option to override webpack config (#20872)
grafana/grafana: packages/grafana-toolkit/README.md

- [`snapshotSerializers`](https://jest-bot.github.io/jest/docs/configuration.html#snapshotserializers-array-string)
- [`moduleNameMapper`](https://jestjs.io/docs/en/configuration#modulenamemapper-object-string-string)

> ### Can I add custom Webpack rules or plugins?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### How can I customize Webpack rules or plugins?
```
